**Start**: 15:23:43
**End**: 16:04:02

#KevinBryson 

- rem : group meeting

# Questions
N/A

# Topics discussed

 - do we need biology?
	 - not really, but w.r.t to A.I it's always useful to bring in that expert knowledge which can help differentiate between aspects/features that are useful to the model and not
 - the importance of the provability of models, in particular w.r.t medical applications 
	 - example faulty model, CT scan model which was recognising the resolution of the image instead of its contents
 - WSIs to usable datasets method
	 - large images of 1000s of pixels are converted into smaller patches
 - there is a lot of leeway on how to approach the problem. Three specific approaches were suggested
	 1. pick an already existing model such as HoVer-Net and improve upon it 
		 - though there was discussion of how these networks don't seem to generalise, so maybe not worth it? 
	 2. try to make the processes more explainable.
		 - it might be possible to work on this without doing the same thing as Henry. Perhaps focusing on the individual steps of segmentation and classification separately
	 3. try to simplify current models
 - PanNuke dataset
- Problems with HoVer-Net
	-  computationally intensive (mention of days using supercomputer)
		-  this seems to contradict the results presented in the paper; look into this further
	-  doesn't seem to generalise.
		-  the author admits that they used only one type of cancer, possibly avenue. Checking if this is true. But is it enough for a dissertation?
		- mention of some work with a PhD student which showed this
# Actionable Items

^2b8fda

- research explainable NN
- look up the difference between instance and mask [[segmentation]]
- look into HoVer-Net 3rd party experiments